this is a web exclusive it is very much
like a patchwork quilt
Adam teachers meet parks and then on any
particular order and then I have to sell
more together and make my Big Bang fit
so at the moment I put them all together
they're all correlated and now I'm just
trying to get from the start to finish
without falling over
oh five and six seven eight
see now you more balanced Holy's
progress is quite good there's moments
where it looks really good in there is
moments vote a lot more moment so it
looks quite in this process of being
good really point at food no item
annoying going very well he's very good
teacher he's patient and we squabble and
bicker but at least it's light-hearted
and it's not you know a too heavy
just laugh about it but you could get
really mean by the end of the week girls
have to wear high heels which is I'd
love to see how the boys wearing them
and see if they don't learn the same as
what you do it is a little bit more
difficult not so much the heel but
because you're on the ball of your feet
all the time so that can get quite
uncomfortable quite painful so I have to
just get used to it and make sure that
everything else is strong around it so
it takes the pressure off let's say out
of 100 percent we probably put effort
about 15 so this is a lot more a lot
more I mean